1 b
2 c
3 2
4 a
5 c
6 b
7 b
8 d
9 0

10:
Bayes' Theorem is a way of finding a probability when we know certain other probabilities.

The formula is:

P(A|B) =  P(A) P(B|A)P(B) 


Which tells us:how often A happens given that B happens, written P(A|B),
When we know:how often B happens given that A happens, written P(B|A)
and how likely A is on its own, written P(A)
and how likely B is on its own, written P(B)


11:
A z-score can be placed on a normal distribution curve. Z-scores range from -3 standard deviations (which would fall to the far left of the normal distribution curve) up to +3 standard deviations (which would fall to the far right of the normal distribution curve). In order to use a z-score, you need to know the mean  and also the population standard deviation 

12:
A t-test is a type of inferential statistic used to determine if there is a significant difference between the means of two groups, which may be related in certain features. It is mostly used when the data sets, like the data set recorded as the outcome from flipping a coin 100 times, would follow a normal distribution and may have unknown variances. A t-test is used as a hypothesis testing tool, which allows testing of an assumption applicable to a population. 


13:
The most common definition of a percentile is a number where a certain percentage of scores fall below that number.It can be used in calculating the IQR using boxplot.

14:
An ANOVA test is a way to find out if survey or experiment results are significant. In other words, they help you to figure out if you need to reject the null hypothesis or accept the alternate hypothesis. Basically, you're testing groups to see if there's a difference between them.

15:
The one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) is used to determine whether there are any statistically significant differences between the means of three or more independent (unrelated) groups and useful in hypothesis testing whther to accept null or not and used to calculate the significance level value.